the I'm happy to answer straight
out what was going on before the
Big Bang
ok we have no idea pets they
have struck
the way we define time is
beginning at the Big Bang so
I was not clear what it would
mean to think of time before the
Big Bang
we would need some other
understanding of the universe to
give us
access to before the Big Bang
that we can think about
modifying the definition print
have time to include that but
until that day comes
it working with what we got time
begins at the big banks space
begins
being and my son was gonna be
something before it no that
doesn't have to be
if I tell you did what more and
you go north and professional
you meet Santa Claus
and then I say keep going north
he said there I can't keep going
like
a Miss North as I can be it's
not different from
me tell you go far back in time
you go back to the big bang and
then if you keep going further
back no
this is where it begins I can go
farther back in time
than the beginning
any more than you can go farther
north than the normal